# CS-230

The client "The Gaming Room" was interested in developing a web-based game named “Draw It or Lose it”. The objective of the game being for teams to spend four one-minute rounds guessing what a slowly rendered image is that gets pulled from a collection. The requirements for the game were to be able to have one or more teams able to play, each team have more more than one member, game and team names to be unique, one instance of a game running at a time, and to be available on multiple platforms. 

I created a thorough section of recommendations outlining important factors the client should take into account, such as the operating system, memory and storage management programs on host servers, the API framework, security, and the advantages of utilizing serverless architecture to introduce the product. I presented a compelling argument for why a cloud platform was the best option for the customer and their objective.

In order to comprehend the structure of the relationships between entities representing the app components, it was helpful to analyze the domain model represented as a UML class diagram. This made it easier to create short classes with clear methods that directly benefited from other things to create a clean prototype.

The evaluation section comparing and contrasting operating systems such as Mac, Windows, Linux, or mobile platforms could have been improved with a more deeper dive into the the platforms for the client side. The web browser specifically is the main client-side concern, considering the game being web-based as it's the main medium running the app for the client. Another point I could have touched on was operating system performance favored toward particular browsers such as Windows to Edge or Mac to Safari could be analyzed more in-depth to see if non-favored browsers such as Google Chrome or Opera could introduce technical or performance constraints or if the impact was negligible enough.

While creating web-based applications, one should consider the user experience as being something that should prioritized. For example, Quality characteristics (i.e. looks) are also important, but less so when compared to speed and accessibility (i.e. usability). A situation that could arise is that a user may continue to use the app if they don’t care for the look, but will absolutely leave the site if functionality is non-existent or slow. The demands of the user are the top priority because they are the client's main source of income as the product's end-user.

To design software, my process begins with vagueness and working toward preciseness. As an example, prioritized goals might be taken on and iterated through to their conclusion. The major components of functionality required to achieve a client's business objectives can be outlined in functional requirements. Technical requirements that describe the technological approach to functional fulfillment may then be separated out from functional needs. Technical specifications can then be converted into design blueprints, architecture, and code to provide the desired outcome.
